	As much as I love the Low-Quality Zoo I created with the help of artificial intelligence, it was the product of many hours of experimentation. By far the most complicated element to figure out was the image generation. The first hurdle was finding a suitable image database. Considering this type of image training is very low-level compared to official image diffusers, the actual training data needs to have a strong degree of consistency to generate a quality output. My previous experiments involved databases of a variety of animals, framed in a variety of ways, at a variety of distances from the camera. This ended up producing results that consisted more of background elements than the actual animals themselves. This sent me on a pursuit of a dataset of similar creatures, framed a specific way, which led me to a dataset where all the animals are facing directly at the camera. 

	The second huge hurdle was the quality of the images. I ran into so much trouble with the Google Colab GPU disconnecting after more than an hour of processing, which I attempted to fix by lowering both the batch size and image size, causing more reliable generation but worse quality of image. And just when I was about to restart using slightly better settings, Google Colab timed me out for overusing their GPU, leaving me with 128x128 images. However, I ran with it and tried to make the most of the situation. 

	In terms of prompting, specifically for sound and text generation, I found that keeping things as simple and straightforward as possible was the best way of approaching each model. With respect to Stable Audio, prompting it with clear sounds produced better results than abstract concepts. I would often give it a baseline animal sound and have it work off of that, though it was difficult to guide it to sound the way I wanted it to. Much of its outputs were either too by the books, or too off the rails for them interesting. For text generation, I found that giving it the context of the project and the goals you are trying to achieve allows AI to tailor its output to your task. Similar to the sound model, giving the text generator examples of fictional phrases as a baseline was a perfect launching pad for it to generate results along the same line.
